what is happening gamers this is bradley
hearing a tin of Europe is giving you
more incentive to go out and pre-order
mario kart 8 as they have announced that
they're going to be releasing a limited
edition bundle now this isn't some huge
elaborate bundle that comes with a Wii U
or anything like that it's more along
the lines of the wind waker HD bundle
that came with a little ganondorf
figurine so if the mario kart 8 funnel
your app or it's gonna get the game but
also get a little model of this series
iconic blue shell for i believe no extra
cost they're just gonna be a limited
supply of them so the Nintendo UK online
store and selected retailers are gonna
start selling these mario kart 8 limited
edition bottles once the game releases
on Mather yet Nassib right now we don't
know something similar is going to
happen in other regions but I wouldn't
put it past Nintendo of America to do
something similar sense marker day is
one of the wii u's big games and they're
gonna want people to buy it oh and i
failed to mention that nintendo is gonna
be released in super mario kart on the
wii u virtual console in europe i'm a 27
right before the release of mario kart 8
if you do download super mario kart
movie will get a minor discount of five
and a half pounds on mario kart II if
you purchase it from the eShop and it's
a more positive way you news that
drinkbox studios has announced that
they're gonna be bringing the action
platformer guacamelee super turbo
championship edition to the wii u each
up so this championship edition is gonna
feed you all the dlc from the original
game along with an expanded story new
game areas of new boss new abilities new
enemies and more but since platformers
are one of my favorite game genres
guacamelee Super Turbo Championship
Edition is definitely on my look forward
to list and as of right now we don't
have your release date for this game we
just know that it's coming soon and
another game that's slated for the wii u
eshop and is definitely on a smaller
scale compared to go up in melee it's a
game called internal invasion it's
basically a physics-based platform where
you'll be using cans to control your
character you'd be shooting canada
canada and collecting pills the whole
game will feature 50 levels and you can
try to get the best score possible by
using the least amount of cannons and
also trying to beat the part time i
found it to be a pretty unique concept
so I thought I'd just make mention of it
and you can look forward to its release
possibly in the next couple of months
and finally a new game has been
announced and it's a sequel to a game
you probably thought would never get a
sequel shaq fu' so yes shaq fu' a legend
reborn is going to be a modern-day take
on the classic be too much on room you
can be playing as the good old Shaquille
O'Neal as you learn hundreds of moves
and battle techniques and take down a
ton of enemies shaq fu' also featured an
adaptive AI to keep the game exciting
and when you beat a boss in the game you
unlock that character and be able to
play as
so this new shaq fu' game actually
sounds kind of interesting and to help
fund the game they're looking to raise
four hundred and fifty thousand dollars
over on IndieGoGo which is similar to
Kickstarter now it isn't a definite
thing that the game is going to be
coming to a nintendo platform but there
are stretch goals for a 3d Athenia wii u
version of the game so it could happen
but we'll just have to wait and see how
the campaign turns out but that will
bring us the end of the news roundup you
like what you saw please give it a
thumbs up an addict parents and all that
good stuff knickers taking for more news
videos video reviews and that's on me
Recep so i will talk to lay on the next
for you guys it is more positively you
news that drinkbox studios has announced
that they're gonna be bringing the dude
gabbatha booga the drink Ibaka Booga
it's what they're bringing let me go
back a booger